38 Egypt as a Winter Resort.

Cairo after the middle of the month, because the
summer is then rather suddenly at an end, and
winter clothing is issued to the troops. But the
proportion of heat to dampness is still great,
mosquitoes are rampant, and invalids are not
advised to arrive till the last days, of the month
at the very earliest. Quail are already in Upper
Egypt, and snipe, ducks, and geese are arriving.
Fresh dates are at their best, grapes, and custardapples. Bananas have begun, and continue all the
winter. Among flowers there are dahlia, Zinnia,
periwinkle, and tuberoses.

November.--A beautiful month for invalids to
arrive, and before the crush of pleasure-seekers,
so that good rooms can be easily secured. The
Nile inundation is still out between the town and
the Pyramids, and the sunsets are perhaps more
beautiful than at any other time of year. Weather
no longer too hot for outdoor exercise. Mosquitoes
disappearing, though nets are always wanted at
night throughout the year, and fir-skinned
strangers suffer until they become acelimatized.
Oranges and lemons. Chrysanthemums and lovely
pointsettia shrubs.

December.--At the end of the month we are
liable to a little cloud and rain, and invalids who
want to avoid all cold damp should go up to Luxor.
Temperature like a dry September in England.



